015/edition.md, before:

# Edition 015

## For release: October 1st

_This document is not finalized until the aforementioned date._

### Photo

https://www.theatlantic.com/photo/2017/09/photos-of-the-week-923929/541569/#img24
![uganda.jpg](uganda.jpg)

Ugandan opposition lawmakers fight with security guards while protesting an amendment to the constitution that would extend the President's rule.
`James Akena / Reuters`

### As You Already Know
In the aftermath of a deadly hurricane, Tesla has [quietly](https://www.ecowatch.com/tesla-batteries-puerto-rico-2490950539.html) sent hundreds of its battery packs to Puerto Rico help rebuild the island's electrical infrastructure. Meanwhile, they are [refusing](https://theintercept.com/2017/09/28/puerto-rico-rejects-loan-offers-accusing-hedge-funds-of-trying-to-profit-off-hurricanes/) loan offers, accusing the large creditors of trying to profit off of the disaster. King Salman of Saudi Arabia issued a [decree](https://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/gulf/2017/09/26/Saudi-Arabia-King-Salman-orders-driving-licenses-for-women.html) that will allow women to drive. North Korea [accused](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-41391978) the United States of declaring war. China orders North Korean firms to [shut down](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/northkorea/2017/09/28/0401000000AEN20170928012000315.html) within 120 days. Under a new French law, photoshopped images will now come with a [warning](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/09/30/photoshopped-images-come-warning-new-french-law/) to promote healthy body images. Monsanto has been [banned](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/sep/28/monsanto-banned-from-european-parliament) from the European parliament. Musk's new goal: anywhere on Earth, in [one hour](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-09-29/elon-musk-s-new-vision-anywhere-on-earth-in-under-one-hour). The United States and Russia have agreed to collaborate on a space station orbiting the moon. 92% of Kurds voted for independence in the [referendum](https://www.haaretz.com/middle-east-news/iraq/1.814639).

### The Ideas

[How NAFTA Explains the Two Mexicos](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2017/09/nafta-mexico-trump-trade/540906/) // The same day that the Mexican Zapatista Army of National Liberation seized public buildings in Chipas, Mexico, NAFTA went into effect. To some, the treaty represented a new era of free trade. To others, NAFTA was simply recolonialization.

[In Iraqi Kurdistan, Voting on Independence and Bracing for Violence](https://theintercept.com/2017/09/23/in-iraqi-kurdistan-voting-on-independence-and-bracing-for-violence/) // Calls for independence have become commonplace in Kurdistan. But the calls now have merit: on Monday, the country will put the question to a vote.

[How Milo Yiannopoulos's Berkeley 'Free Speech Week' Fell Apart](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/09/how-milo-yiannopoulos-berkeley-free-speech-week-fell-apart/540867/) // Milo Yiannopoulos, the right-wing agitator, planned to have an event celebrating free speech on the campus of UC Berkeley. Expectedly, the event did not go according to plan.

### The Leaks

[`HTC: ANOTHER GOOGLE ACQUISITION`](https://www.forbes.com/sites/ianmorris/2017/09/20/google-looks-set-to-buy-htc-as-memo-leaks-and-trading-suspension-is-announced/#55e8672521c6)

*`Forbes, Ian Morris`*

[`APACHE MEMORY DATA`](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2017/09/apache-bug-leaks-contents-of-server-memory-for-all-to-see-patch-now/)

*`Ars Technica`*

### The Glitch
[World Wide Web Consortium abandons consensus, standardizes DRM with 58.4% support, EFF resigns](https://boingboing.net/2017/09/18/antifeatures-for-all.html) // Long considered an "antifeature," Digital Rights Management has now been adopted by the World Wide Web Consortium as a standard.

["Join our startup, we’ll cut your pay by 40%!"](https://codewithoutrules.com/2017/09/18/when-startups-pay-less/) // Unpaid overtime is not only bad for one's health—it's also bad for one's pay.

[How to Hack a Turned-Off Computer](https://www.blackhat.com/eu-17/briefings/schedule/#how-to-hack-a-turned-off-computer-or-running-unsigned-code-in-intel-management-engine-8668) // A concerning new security vulnerability allows for unsigned code to be run in the Intel Management Engine.

### The Web

[Spectrum Analyzer](https://academo.org/demos/spectrum-analyzer/) // Visually analyze the audio frequencies present in any sound file.

[Free Supercomputer](https://quantumexperience.ng.bluemix.net/qx/community) // Write experiments that will run on a real quantum supercomputer—for free!

[Cite Anything](http://www.easybib.com/) // This popular tool allows you to cite *anything*—and easily manage your bibliography in the process.

### The Long Read
https://www.smithsonianmag.com/history/what-ever-happened-to-russian-revolution-180964768/ **WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION?**: "We journey through Vladimir Putin’s Russia to measure the aftershocks of the political explosion that rocked the world a century ago."

### Actionable
https://www.redcross.org/donate/donation Donate to the Red Cross. Irma, Harvey, and Maria have hit—and the Red Cross is there to help.

Commit message:

Add the ideas, the leaks

015/edition.md, after:

# Edition 015

## For release: October 1st

_This document is not finalized until the aforementioned date._

### Photo

https://www.theatlantic.com/photo/2017/09/photos-of-the-week-923929/541569/#img24
![uganda.jpg](uganda.jpg)

Ugandan opposition lawmakers fight with security guards while protesting an amendment to the constitution that would extend the President's rule.
`James Akena / Reuters`

### As You Already Know
In the aftermath of a deadly hurricane, Tesla has [quietly](https://www.ecowatch.com/tesla-batteries-puerto-rico-2490950539.html) sent hundreds of its battery packs to Puerto Rico help rebuild the island's electrical infrastructure. Meanwhile, they are [refusing](https://theintercept.com/2017/09/28/puerto-rico-rejects-loan-offers-accusing-hedge-funds-of-trying-to-profit-off-hurricanes/) loan offers, accusing the large creditors of trying to profit off of the disaster. King Salman of Saudi Arabia issued a [decree](https://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/gulf/2017/09/26/Saudi-Arabia-King-Salman-orders-driving-licenses-for-women.html) that will allow women to drive. North Korea [accused](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-41391978) the United States of declaring war. China orders North Korean firms to [shut down](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/northkorea/2017/09/28/0401000000AEN20170928012000315.html) within 120 days. Under a new French law, photoshopped images will now come with a [warning](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/09/30/photoshopped-images-come-warning-new-french-law/) to promote healthy body images. Monsanto has been [banned](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/sep/28/monsanto-banned-from-european-parliament) from the European parliament. Musk's new goal: anywhere on Earth, in [one hour](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-09-29/elon-musk-s-new-vision-anywhere-on-earth-in-under-one-hour). The United States and Russia have agreed to collaborate on a space station orbiting the moon. 92% of Kurds voted for independence in the [referendum](https://www.haaretz.com/middle-east-news/iraq/1.814639).

### The Ideas

[The NFL Protests May Be Unpopular Now, But That Doesn’t Mean They’ll End That Way](The NFL Protests May Be Unpopular Now, But That Doesn’t Mean They’ll End That Way) // Many NFL players have come under intense criticism for kneeling or not coming out to the field during the national anthem. While the act may be unpopular now, Harry Enten argues, there's a good chance that it will soon be accepted. The civil rights movement, after all, began as unpopular.

[A Massive Review of the Evidence Shows Letting People Out of Prison Doesn’t Increase Crime](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/25/16340782/study-mass-incarceration) // A new study has found that letting people out of prison does not increase crime. This is a major breakthrough for critics of the American justice system, but the study also identifies some issues.

[Millennials Aren’t Killing Industries. They're Just Broke and Your Business Sucks.](https://tech.co/millennials-killing-broke-business-sucks-2017-09#.Wci27n8bsI0.facebook) // Put simply, millennials don't particularly care about your business. They just don't think it's worth it.

### The Leaks

[`RUSSIAN SPY COMPANY'S FILES`](https://wikileaks.org/spyfiles/russia/)

*`WikiLeaks`*

[`INTERNET EXPLORER ADDRESS BAR DATA`](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2017/09/bug-in-fully-patched-internet-explorer-leaks-text-in-address-bar/)

*`Ars Technica`*

### The Glitch
[World Wide Web Consortium abandons consensus, standardizes DRM with 58.4% support, EFF resigns](https://boingboing.net/2017/09/18/antifeatures-for-all.html) // Long considered an "antifeature," Digital Rights Management has now been adopted by the World Wide Web Consortium as a standard.

["Join our startup, we’ll cut your pay by 40%!"](https://codewithoutrules.com/2017/09/18/when-startups-pay-less/) // Unpaid overtime is not only bad for one's health—it's also bad for one's pay.

[How to Hack a Turned-Off Computer](https://www.blackhat.com/eu-17/briefings/schedule/#how-to-hack-a-turned-off-computer-or-running-unsigned-code-in-intel-management-engine-8668) // A concerning new security vulnerability allows for unsigned code to be run in the Intel Management Engine.

### The Web

[Spectrum Analyzer](https://academo.org/demos/spectrum-analyzer/) // Visually analyze the audio frequencies present in any sound file.

[Free Supercomputer](https://quantumexperience.ng.bluemix.net/qx/community) // Write experiments that will run on a real quantum supercomputer—for free!

[Cite Anything](http://www.easybib.com/) // This popular tool allows you to cite *anything*—and easily manage your bibliography in the process.

### The Long Read
https://www.smithsonianmag.com/history/what-ever-happened-to-russian-revolution-180964768/ **WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION?**: "We journey through Vladimir Putin’s Russia to measure the aftershocks of the political explosion that rocked the world a century ago."

### Actionable
https://www.redcross.org/donate/donation Donate to the Red Cross. Irma, Harvey, and Maria have hit—and the Red Cross is there to help.
